[CSI] Prevent stage_publish_base_dir from being subdir of mount_dir (#19441)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/19441.txt

```release-note:bug

> csi: Added validation to prevent StagePublishBaseDir from being a subdir MountDir

Reviewer: Let's add context that this is for plugins, and use the names from the jobspec, not the internal struct names:

```suggestion
csi: Added validation to `csi_plugin` blocks to prevent `stage_publish_base_dir` from being a subdirectory of `mount_dir`
```
